# Reflection

This basic layout of flipping cards could potentially be used by historians or researchers in numerous pedagogical ways. I propose that if historians and researchers could learn to change and add information in the same way which we have with assignment 0, they could create an interactive directory. The idea being that as they conduct their work they can add and update information on individuals, events, and significant sources to the directory. Potential fields might include images, contributing researchers, primary sources, geographical location, temporality and an abstract of their significance (i.e. the person, place, event). The part which would make this more interactive is that researchers could scan and add primary sources to the project package and allow users to view them, rather than having to fly out to some remote library in France for example. Meanwhile, any interested viewers and fellow researchers could communicate with the contributing historian/researcher regarding the source. While collaboration is beneficial for any discipline, this is especially true of historical research. Rather than a viewer beginning their research from scratch, they could communicate with the contributor and pick up from their trail, either adding even more information about the person/place/event/document or to discover a new person/place/event/document to add to the directory. Notably, to implement this idea would require little training on the part of the historian/researcher, it would foster collaboration in a discipline which is notorious for the opposite, it would be crowdsourced and thereby regularly and easily maintained and grown, and finally, would allow a greater access to information that has traditionally been confined to those who can physically visit special archives and libraries. The fields of information could even be used to generate timelines, maps and other useful visuals for students to learn about and memorize not just the individual person/place/event/document but how they connect to the rest of the directory. 
