# Reflection

## Question 1
#### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.

The layout of "flipping cards" could be used for organizing research, and/or helping students of history remember and understand big names. You could have a similar layout of a picture and interests (along with added information such as "works" or "theories") but for the important historians and theorists that have impacted our field. Authors such as Karl Marx, Michel Foucault, and Benedict Anderson all have key theories which have influenced the study of history, and having short descriptions and key quotes could help students understand their sometimes convoluted arguments. This same idea could be used in more detail for researchers wanting to organize their secondary sources and share their own analysis of key works. This isn’t a substitute for actually reading Marx’s *Capital* or Foucault’s *Archeology of Knowledge*, but this website could make valuable information more accessible for people intimidated by the difficult texts.   

## Question 2
#### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?

For each theorists record I would suggest the following fields: Name, Years Active, Works, Theories, Legacy, and Quotes. This should be enough to get an overview of the importance of each theorist. The fields “Works” and “Quotes” would be relatively easy to fill out as they do not require much specificity. The other fields, however, would pose a challenge as it can difficult to condense years of scholarship into a sentence or two. Although challenging, condensing information could prove to be a good intellectual exercise for the person/people responsible for the data. Nonetheless, the  researchers involved in creating this project would need to pay careful attention to how they convey information so as to not misconstrue a theory for the sake of simplicity. As well, such a project prioritizes “important” works and does not have room for up and coming scholarship that is influential but doesn’t have the same legacy. Because this project is only meant to be small scale summaries of major thinkers this is understandable, but one should always be aware of potential gaps in knowledge.
