# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out relfection on the assignment.

## Question 1
#### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.
  The exact same layout can be used for creating a digital library, in which all of the books would have some identity card that were made by the members of the community/website. Those identity cards might contain straightforward, but useful information of the book, article or any kind of text that can be stored in a digital library that were provided by the each of the users. It might seem like a similar concept to the web databases of libraries, yet I believe it would be a quite different framework for the researches on digital humanities, because one text would be identified by all of the members of the community. As a consequence, each of the members of the community would have an access to huge amount of different identity cards for the same text; and in light of the comparison of the data that those differing identity cards have; members of the community would decide the text they want to use in their research more carefully, and easily than going thorough existing web-databases.
## Question 2
#### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?
Because of the fact that I had to design my project by considering the limitations of the computing and the binary information that computing relies on; the data structures that contain the information that members provide for the identity cards of texts, such as the description of the main theses of the texts, the determination of the relevancy of the texts to the specific research fields, and the brief peer reviews of those texts are apt to use those limitations as a system that facilitate the research processes. Even though a whole peer review, or a complete analysis of a text is definitely provide more information about the text that one wants to study, the project that I’m proposing urges researchers to use active computing in their researches. The active computing will help them to save way more time than reading peer reviews, and by proposing data in a structural way the information that researchers learn would not increase their bias for the text they will read after they finish the longer and more comprehensive peer reviews.
