# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

## Question 1
#### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.

This basic layout could be used as a means of education for individuals who are interested in learning more about historical people, landmarks, artifacts and events. A website could be constructed for students studying a particular subject. For example, the website could be customized for Digital History students, and the cards could be used as flashcards to memorize and learn historical facts. Optionally, a time-based flashcard quiz game could be used as a fun way of testing students on course materials. In doing so, students would be able to reinforce and optimize their learning using visual cues to better memorize course material. By pairing different records with images students would learn to associate these records with images, which would benefit students who are visual learners.

## Question 2
#### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?

In the use described above, fields such as name, classification (to describe whether the card represents an object, person, landmark, artifact, or event), date, and location would be required for each record. Limitations or obstacles that could be imposed by using this kind of data structure on my project would include field size limitations, where text exceeding a specific character could would either be truncated, improperly displayed or distort the card dimensions. Additionally, there are limitations generated by the use of generic fields themselves. Different classes of objects may require different fields, and certain field names which may make sense for specific classes may not make very much sense for others. For example, a "person" object would benefit from having a date of birth and date of death. However, the same cannot be said for a historical event. While some of these issues can be circumvented by displaying renamed field names in the actual records depending on the record's type -- date instead of date of birth, the use of a generic records regardless of the classification of the object would lead to useful information being omitted or not collected.
