# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out relfection on the assignment.

## Question 1
#### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.
•	This flipping card like layout can be extremely useful while conducting field research or collecting qualitative information from the public. More specifically, one can use this tool to collect information or ideas from people all over the world; it will place all the gather data into one space whereby a researcher can then flip through It to find common links or patterns that might be useful to his or her own project. For example, If I was conducting research on the experiences of new immigrants to Toronto, I can collect their narratives – which they would willfully push to my GitHub repository – and then shuffle through them in order to find any important links. As well, this would also be useful from a pedagogical stand point, as teachers and professors could then use this flip book of personal narratives to outline important patterns with the class or even spark discussion: it can allow a researcher or professor to easily collect vital information and utilize it in effective ways.

## Question 2
#### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?
•	For the use I described in the last question, I would need to create fields corresponding to the subject’s experiences, questions or comments, and personal information; in other words, I would create one field where they place their narrative or experiences, questions, and one where they describe themselves (if they want to). Although this creates an organized repository of data, it is limiting as it could be time consuming and frustrating to those uploading their information. As well, by breaking up this information into individual fields, the information being presented may be diluted or appear to be incomplete. As opposed to composing a narrative and placing information into one text – a word document for example – breaking up the data into separate fields may force the subject to focus more on certain points than others; it may force the writer to privilege one set of information over another which can greatly harm the overall project.
