# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out relfection on the assignment.

## Question 1
#### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.
In recent decades, historians have been interested in reasserting the "everyday" practices and persons of various historical times. Be it through a "history-from-below" approach or within the theoretical nexus of Subaltern Studies, historians may benefit from using this flipping card-layout to represent and pedagogize elements and profiles of everyday peoples. I can imagine this layout being used for, for example, for a class on modern Indian history as a supplement and remedy for Great Man accounts of history – e.g. Indian history as conflated with the triumphs and defeats of Gandhi, Nehru, Jinnah, Mountbatten, etc. Through a flipping card-layout, we can have profiles of subaltern and peasant persons alive during these historical times – one can generate a profile on a local Dalit worker in Calcutta, a female activist in Lucknow, an indigenous teacher in Jharkhand, etc. In effect, this approach can offer students a fast and simple what to give faces, voices, and textures to those who are otherwise amalgamated under the abstract category of "the masses." What interests esp. about this layout is how these profiles may incorporate elements of oral and family history.

## Question 2
#### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?
Certainly, any thing that would identify and describe these historical persons and their position in society. Career, city, languages, photographs, any written or oral records by them, etc. The pitfall however is the perennial question of "who speaks for the subaltern?" – or in other words, what are the ethical and historical questions of having us "reconstruct" profiles about living persons who's experiences are often forgotten in history? What "fields" and identifiers we use deserve scrutiny – for instance, would a field like "religion" or "caste" enable us to better understand and position where these people are in society, or do totalizing, abstract categories like religion and caste flatten and reduce the broad characteristics of these persons who may have resisted such categories in the first place?
