#Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out reflection on the assignment.

##Question 1
####In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.

This layout can be used towards a history based website looking to inform people of major historians or historic events. The website could have an action where they have cards that display important information of a person/place/event. However, these would all coincide with a specific date, usually the same day in which the cards would be posted. These cards would have pictures on them and then a small paragraph providing information. External links towards further related subjects that the reader could find interesting would also be provided within the paragraphs. This would give the reader a sense that history is connective and a reactionary process to other events or actions. This would also allow the reader to expand on their knowledge should they choose to learn more. There could also be a feature that would allow the reader to add additional information to the paragraph, should they know more. Thus, the project could turn into a mass effort of people and their information. The website would be posting a fun fact that would be enjoyable but interactive.

##Question 2
####Information in each student record was provided as a series of fields, that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?

With the historic card project there would be fields that are related to the subject at hand. First, I would need a field regarding the name of the subject, then one for the date in which it happened, another for the place, and one for a picture provided. For the paragraph portion, I would have six fields in which to posit the six major literary questions of who, what, when, where, why and how. After these have been entered that would be the end of the information available for submitting. These fields could be limiting in that they provide a specific question that would need to be answered. There is no field that could provide the option of opinion. This could be an obstacle for the person filling it out could feel a lack of personal feeling to the subject. However, it would be necessary to have that option be removed to prevent any online argumentative or hostile debates from happening. The goal is to have an informative game where the masses could have the ability in sharing their knowledge. It does not have a purpose in creating an online forum. 
