# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out relfection on the assignment.

## Question 1
#### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.
A more interesting use of this basic layout could present historical figures, events, or items with categories of biographical information suitable for - and relevant to - the user's purposes. It presents a flexible system for an historian/humanist to create a basic profile of individuals/entities as components of a greater project (such as research on important figures and inventions of a certain era). This would be a more creative and intuitive system for organizing information that would otherwise exist in a simple word document under a text header. The layout would also address issues in automatic formatting with images in word processors, thus streamlining the process. Filling out the information would be straightforward, and the visually-appealing presentation of the layout would help keep users focused and involved. After all, one may enjoy the topic being researched, but the process of research itself can often prove tedious.


## Question 2
#### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?
The required fields for each record would depend on the nature of the research being conducted, and would thus be blank but denote format (i.e., "insert title", "insert field 1", etc.) For example, if an historian were researching major 19th-century photographic innovators and inventors, they might create a profile for Louis Daguerre and William Fox Talbot. Therefore, they would have a field for the individual's name, their date of birth, their invention, and perhaps a field for a summary of their biographical information (or further information of their invention). One shortcoming of this format is that it is vastly more applicable to "at-a-glance" information, and would limit the amount of detail one could include in each profile. The formatting would necessarily have to adjust to contain the information, so if one field held several notes of multiple sentences each, the profile would become more cluttered than a regular word document.
