# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out relfection on the assignment.

## Question 1
#### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists. 

If this can turn into a website it would be useful for researchers who wants to learn more about a specific person or an event. It can be turn into flashcard; where there will be important dates, events associated to an important historical figure or event. It would be very useful for researcher an efficient way to learn. They can memorize these important events and figures using flashcard method. This way will remind researchers about important notes that they had drawn down while researching this individual. It is straightforward and efficient with these simple categories and visual aids. Most importantly, this layout allows flexibility for researchers to customize the fields and display and input their finding in a clear format. Thus, this is a very efficient for researchers to glance and remind themselves about the research data.

## Question 2
#### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?

This basic and simple layout would be extremely useful for historians and researchers to gather their information. It can gather basic information such as event dates, statistics, and significance to remind researchers about their research. For instance, when researchers are collecting information on Chinese leaders, such as Mao Zedong, they can use this layout to sort important information efficiently. With this layout, researchers can input the date that Mao became the leader of Communist Party of China, his personal background and his rivalry party. They can also input important events that occurred under his leadership. However, it is not convenient for researcher who wants to record detailed research note. The biggest limitation of this method is that only a general information can be presented. Due to this small format of each cards, one cannot input detailed and long information on it. The format will be disorganized with detailed information. If there are detailed information in one field then the column will be very big and long along with other smaller columns. This can be a limitation or advantage based on how the researcher want to record his note.
