# Reflection

Respond to each of the questions below with a carefully thought out relfection on the assignment.

## Question 1
#### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.
In Assignment 00, our class collaborated to form a website comprised of personalized flipping cards with information about ourselves. Following the structure of this collaborative website, another use for the flipping card system could be used for the studies of historical linguistics to create simple archives of root words to explore historically intertwined civilizations. The flipping card system could be used by teams of historians seeking to explore cross cultural linguistic similarities by using the order of the system to create fields that they can use to compare languages across cultures. For instance, a team of linguistic historians can decide upon exploring specific prefixes and suffixes to connect languages and create fields for them to be categorized in. The use of fields within the flipping card system can be used to name common roots found in words and the discrete units of information section can be turned to true or false in accordance to all the criteria the words do and do not meet. For example, the flipping card system for linguistic surveyors might use a field for the common prefix such as “un”.  By using the discrete unit of information that allows the field to be visible or not, the surveyor would set the answer to true or false according to the word. This would aid in the data collection of root words for historical linguistics in small groups as it provides the benefit of collectively being able to view the words found by their colleagues while also removing qualities not associated with particular words from visibility, allowing quick associations to be made.  Within the controlled studies of root words, the flipping card system would make the dissemination of the intensive studies of linguistics less ambiguous in initial groundwork, by providing a linguistic archive that enables easier collaboration in specific studies of linguistics. 

## Question 2
#### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?
The structure of assignment 00’s flipping card record system for the study of linguistic history, poses multiple limitations and obstacles. Specifically, the main limitation would be that the studies’ size would likely need to be relatively small and set to explore a predetermined number of specific suffixes and prefixes to provide any of the collaborative and presentative benefits described above. This is because flipping card interface is not made for comparisons but instead focuses on the inputting of personalized and specific information. As a result, the words will have scattered rather than sequenced in an easily comparative manner inhibiting the ability specific analysis. An example of this could be that the flipping card structure does not allow one to explore all the suffixes that end with “ful”. This would not be beneficial or time efficient in larger studies of linguistics as it lacks the ability for comparisons, or options to group similar cards together because of its individualized nature. Moreover, the units of discrete information make it difficult for an outsider to utilize the study as the ability to hide fields in specific cards limits the ability to understand the full extent of the study for an unaware linguistic researcher who may not know all the fields being questioned. Thus, within the comparative value of historical linguistics the flipping cards system structures’ overall contribution provides a limited extent of exploration and analysis. Instead, the use of the system for assignment 00 in historical linguistics primarily would be of aid to small, predetermined explorations of specific words and places that would be successively inputted into better archives and systems of lingual charts and tables that allow cross comparisons in the manner this simple interface of individualized information does not offer as readily.
